README.md, before:

# Advanced Computer Lab Tasks
### - Before coming to the lab !!
* Make sure that you have **vs code** installed.
* Make sure that you have **node** installed.
* Make sure that you have **Postman** installed.
* Clone the repository to your laptop.
* Make sure that the server is running with all installations.

### In case of any missing libraries. 
- please fix and install everything before coming. Check the package-lock.json to see what you are missing.
or you can just type in terminal to install all missing packages:
    ```
    npm install 
    ```
# Testing
After cloning the repo, open the source directory

```
cd src
```

Run the server

```
node App.js
```

or

```
nodemon App.js
```

Click here to check [Go](http://localhost:8000/home)

###  DB Connections

Hadwa's groups:
 ```
 mongodb+srv://Hadwa:Hadwa@cluster0.hpstsct.mongodb.net/
 ```

Noha's groups:
 ``` 
 mongodb+srv://database:1234@cluster0.insh6i0.mongodb.net/
 ```

Nada's groups:
 ```
 mongodb+srv://atlasDB:atlasDB@cluster0.vt5cm.mongodb.net/test
```

Fatima's groups:
 ```
mongodb+srv://Fatma:FatmaDB@cluster0.wxrq0bc.mongodb.net/
```
Mabrouk's groups:
 ```
mongodb+srv://gucACL:lab123456@mabrouk.klnokrh.mongodb.net/
```
Amr's groups:
 ```
mongodb+srv://aclLab:si3R6zZJzR6xZDze@adiabgudb.cdrbkot.mongodb.net/
```
### **DO NOT COMMIT TO THIS REPO**

Commit message:

added readme part for frontend

README.md, after:

# Advanced Computer Lab Tasks
### - Before coming to the lab !!
* Make sure that you have **vs code** installed.
* Make sure that you have **node** installed.
* Make sure that you have **Postman** installed.
* Clone the repository to your laptop.
* Make sure that the server is running with all installations.

### In case of any missing libraries. 
- please fix and install everything before coming. Check the package-lock.json to see what you are missing.
or you can just type in terminal to install all missing packages:
    ```
    npm install 
    ```
# Testing
After cloning the repo, open the source directory

To run the server, open the terminal and type

```
cd src
```

Run the server

```
node App.js
```

or

```
nodemon App.js
```

Click here to check [Go](http://localhost:8000/home)

---

to run the frontend, open the terminal and type

```
cd frontend/src
```

Run the frontend

```
npm start
```

Click here to check [Go](http://localhost:3000/users)

---

###  DB Connections

Hadwa's groups:
 ```
 mongodb+srv://Hadwa:Hadwa@cluster0.hpstsct.mongodb.net/
 ```

Noha's groups:
 ``` 
 mongodb+srv://database:1234@cluster0.insh6i0.mongodb.net/
 ```

Nada's groups:
 ```
 mongodb+srv://atlasDB:atlasDB@cluster0.vt5cm.mongodb.net/test
```

Fatima's groups:
 ```
mongodb+srv://Fatma:FatmaDB@cluster0.wxrq0bc.mongodb.net/
```
Mabrouk's groups:
 ```
mongodb+srv://gucACL:lab123456@mabrouk.klnokrh.mongodb.net/
```
Amr's groups:
 ```
mongodb+srv://aclLab:si3R6zZJzR6xZDze@adiabgudb.cdrbkot.mongodb.net/
```
### **DO NOT COMMIT TO THIS REPO**
